doc: Add extended migration guide (#363)
ansys/ansys-tools-visualization-interface: doc/source/user_guide/migration.rst

.. _ref_migration_guide:

Migration
#########

> In this section two guides are provided to help you migrate from PyVista plotters to the Ansys Tools Visualization Interface plotters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section helps you migrate from PyVista plotters to the Ansys Tools Visualization Interface plotters.
It consists of two major topics:

- Code migration
- Documentation migration
```
Make the two bullets links to the two sections given that they are fairly lengthy?

> The first one addresses code migration, and the second one addresses documentation migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Code migration guide
> ====================
> 
> This guide intends to help users transition from PyVista plotters to the new Ansys Tools Visualization Interface plotters. Since cases are very different
> from each other, a few examples are provided to cover the most common scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code migration
==========

This topic explains how to transition from PyVista plotters to the new Ansys Tools Visualization Interface plotters. Since cases vary greatly, a few examples are provided to cover the most common scenarios.
```

From simple PyVista mesh plotting to the Ansys visualization interface plotter
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If you only need to plot simple PyVista meshes, you can directly replace your PyVista plotter code with the Ansys Tools Visualization Interface plotter code.

> On top of common PyVista functionalities, the Ansys Tools Visualization Interface plotter provides additional interactivity such as view buttons, mesh slicing, etc.
> Here is an example of how to do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of common PyVista functionalities, the Ansys Tools Visualization Interface plotter provides additional interactivity such as view buttons and mesh slicing.

Here is an example of how to do this replacement:
```

- PyVista code:

.. code-block:: python

    import pyvista as pv

    # Create a pyvista mesh
    mesh = pv.Cube()

    # Create a plotter
    pl = pv.Plotter()

    # Add the mesh to the plotter
    pl.add_mesh(mesh)

    # Show the plotter
    pl.show()

- Ansys Tools Visualization Interface code:

.. code-block:: python

    import pyvista as pv
    from ansys.tools.visualization_interface import Plotter

>     # Create a pyvista mesh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Create a PyVista mesh
```

    mesh = pv.Cube()

    # Create a plotter
    pl = Plotter()

    # Add the mesh to the plotter
    pl.plot(mesh)

    # Show the plotter
    pl.show()

> Convert your custom meshes to MeshObjectPlot and use the Ansys visualization interface plotter
> ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Convert your custom meshes to ``MeshObjectPlot`` objects and use the Ansys Tools Visualization Interface plotter
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

Then you need to create a ``MeshObjectPlot`` instance that relates the PyVista mesh with your custom object.

.. code-block:: python

    from ansys.tools.visualization_interface import MeshObjectPlot

    custom_object = CustomObject()
    mesh_object_plot = MeshObjectPlot(
        custom_object=custom_object,
        mesh=custom_object.get_mesh(),
    )

With this, you can use the Ansys Tools Visualization Interface plotter to visualize your custom object. It enables interactivity such as picking and hovering.

Customizing the PyVista backend
-------------------------------

You can customize the backend of the Ansys Tools Visualization Interface plotter to enable or turn off certain functionalities. For example,
if you want to enable picking, you can do it as follows:

.. code-block:: python

    from ansys.tools.visualization_interface import Plotter
    from ansys.tools.visualization_interface.backends import PyVistaBackend

    backend = PyVistaBackend(allow_picking=True)

    # Create a plotter
    pl = Plotter(backend=backend)

    # Add the MeshObjectPlot instance to the plotter
    pl.plot(mesh_object_plot)

    # Show the plotter
    pl.show()

> If you want to go further and customize the backend even more, you can create your own backend by inheriting from the ``PyVistaBackendInterface`` class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to customize the backend even more, you can create your own backend by inheriting from the ``PyVistaBackendInterface`` class
```

> and implementing the required methods. You can find more information about this in the backend documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and implementing the required methods:
```

.. code-block:: python

    @abstractmethod
    def plot_iter(self, plottable_object: Any, name_filter: str = None, **plotting_options):
        """Plot one or more compatible objects to the plotter.

        Parameters
        ----------
        plottable_object : Any
            One or more objects to add.
        name_filter : str, default: None.

>             Regular expression with the desired name or names  to include in the plotter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Regular expression with the desired name or names to include in the plotter.
```

        **plotting_options : dict, default: None
            Keyword arguments. For allowable keyword arguments, see the
            :meth:`Plotter.add_mesh <pyvista.Plotter.add_mesh>` method.

        """
        pass

    @abstractmethod
    def plot(self, plottable_object: Any, name_filter: str = None, **plotting_options):
        """Plot a single object to the plotter.

        Parameters
        ----------
        plottable_object : Any

>             Object to add.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Object to plot.
```

        name_filter : str
            Regular expression with the desired name or names to include in the plotter.
        **plotting_options : dict, default: None
            Keyword arguments. For allowable keyword arguments, see the
            :meth:`Plotter.add_mesh <pyvista.Plotter.add_mesh>` method.

        """
        pass

> The rest of the methods are implemented for you. This ensures that while you can customize what you need for plotting, the rest of the functionalities still work as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rest of the methods are implemented for you. This ensures that while you can customize what you need for plotting, the rest of the functionalities still work as expected. For more information, see the backend documentation.
```
Not sure that the last sentence here belongs here--but it was awkward having it directly before the code.

If you need to even go further, you can also create your own plotter by inheriting from the ``BaseBackend`` class and implementing the required methods,

> although this may break existing features. You can find more information about this in the plotter documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
although this may break existing features. You can find more information about this in the plotter documentation.
```
Where is this plotter documentation. This should be a link so the user can be taken to the correct information.

Author: This doesn't make much sense after rereading, let's remove it.

Customize the picker or hover behavior
--------------------------------------
You can customize the picker of the Ansys Tools Visualization Interface plotter to decide what happens when an object is picked or hovered.

> For example, if you want to print the name of the picked object, you can do it as described in the custom picker example.

Reviewer: Again, it would be nice to have this sentence be something like this:
"... you can do it as described in the X example..." where you link to the correct example.

Using PyVista Qt backend
------------------------

> You can use the PyVista Qt backend with the Ansys Tools Visualization Interface plotter. To do this, you need to set the PyVista backend to Qt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the PyVista Qt backend with the Ansys Tools Visualization Interface plotter. To do this, you must set the PyVista backend to Qt
```

> before creating the plotter. Here is an example of how to do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
before creating the plotter.:
```

.. code-block:: python

   cube = pv.Cube()
   pv_backend = PyVistaBackend(use_qt=True, show_qt=True)
   pl = Plotter(backend=pv_backend)
   pl.plot(cube)
   pl.backend.enable_widgets()
   pv_backend.scene.show()

> With this, you can integrate the plotter into a PyQt or PySide app by disabling ``show_qt`` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this, you can integrate the plotter into a PyQt or PySide app by disabling the ``show_qt`` parameter.
```

You can find more information about this in the `PyVista documentation <https://qtdocs.pyvista.org/>`_.

> Documentation migration guide
> =============================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation migration
=======================
```
